enh(admin): Add "Insight and debugging" section in AI (#13760)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/ai/insight_and_debugging.rst

       "input": "What's the weather in Berlin today?",
       "history": []
     },
     "output": {
       "output": "I'm happy to help, but I'm a large language model, I don't have real-time access to current weather conditions. However, I can suggest checking a reliable weather website or app, such as AccuWeather or OpenWeatherMap, for the most up-to-date information on the weather in Karlsruhe today. Would you like me to help with anything else?"
     },
     "customId": "chatty-llm:1",
     "completionExpectedAt": 1759739513,
     "progress": 1,
     "scheduledAt": 1759739453,
     "startedAt": 1759739455,
     "endedAt": 1759739466,
     "allowCleanup": true,
     "error_message": null
   }

Each task has the following fields:

 * `id` The internal ID of the task, also referenced in user-facing error messages in case something goes wrong
 * `type` The type of the task
 * `status` The current status of the task (can be either `"STATUS_CANCELLED"`, `"STATUS_FAILED"`, `"STATUS_SUCCESSFUL"`, `"STATUS_SCHEDULED"`, `"STATUS_RUNNING"`, or `"STATUS_UNKNOWN"`)
 * `userId` The Id of the user who requested the task
 * `lastUpdated` When the task was last updated

>  * `scheduledAt` When the task was scheduled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `scheduledAt` When the task was scheduled/created
```

 * `startedAt` When the task was started to be processed by the set task processing provider
 * `completionExpectedAt` When the system expects/expected the task to be finished
 * `endedAt` When the task finished be it successfully or unsuccessfully
 * `appid` The ID of the app that scheduled the task

>  * `input` The fields that were part of the task input
>  * `output` The fields that were aprt of the task output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `input` The values that were part of the task input
 * `output` The values that were part of the task output
```

>  * `error_message` The error message in case the

Author: oops
